README.md, before:

# 🚀 Awesome Sideprojects

A fun and slightly chaotic list of **Awesome Sideprojects**.  
We group projects into random categories that have absolutely nothing to do with what they actually do. Why? Because it's fun and different! 🎉

## 🎩 Magical Mushrooms

- [Touched Grass](https://www.touched-grass.com) - Show the world you've touched grass. Create your badge and share it everywhere.
- [ConfettiSaaS](https://confettisaas.com) - Showcase your SaaS
- [BacklinkDog](https://backlinkdog.com) - Backlink Monitoring. Stop losing SEO juice from removed or changed backlinks. 
- [A/B test Live](https://abtest.live) - A/B Test Ideas Fast. Choose What Works.
- [FlowDeck Studio](https://flowdeck.studio) - Build iOS & macOS Apps with AI in Cursor
- [Tracker - Manager for Bluesky](https://linktr.ee/bluesky.tracker) - A mobile app for real-time tracking & managing of your Bluesky followers & followings!
- [Startup Listing](https://startuplist.ing) - A platform to list your startup and get discovered by the right people.
- [TurboStarter](https://www.turbostarter.dev) - the Next.js, React Native (Expo) and WXT (Vite) SaaS production-ready starter kit. Launch your web, mobile app and browser extension with one-click boilerplate.
- [Online Side Hustles Directory](https://esidehustles.com) - Browse 370+ side hustle ideas, work-from-home opportunities, and easy ways to make money fast.
- [Content Redefined AI](https://www.contentredefined.ai) - 1-click AI blog/article generation. SEO-optimised, AI images, SERP research included.
- [The Influencer AI](https://www.theinfluencer.ai) - Create *consistent* AI personas and use them for photos, videos, try-ons and product images.
- [Unrealshot AI](https://www.unrealshot.com) - Generate *realistic* AI photoshoots using your face. Perfect for headshots, themed portraits, profile pics, and more.
- [Profit Trail](https://profit-trail.com) - Manage and analyse all of your SaaS invoices in one place!
- [PostCapture](https://postcapture.com) - Take beautiful screenshots of X posts
- [HextaUI](https://hextaui.com) - Build stunning websites effortlessly
- [React Wheel Picker](https://react-wheel-picker.chanhdai.com) - iOS-like Wheel Picker for React
- [chanhdai.com](https://chanhdai.com) - Minimal portfolio website. Inspired by tailwindcss.com (v4)
- [Temp Mail Detector](https://tempmaildetector.com) - Block disposable emails with real-time detection.
- [Nazca](https://nazca.my) - App Submission & Discovery Website
- [Maho Jase IT](https://www.mjit.in) - A Comprehensive IT Partner to add a magic to Digital Transformation
- [Made with Lovable](https://madewithlovable.com) - A collection of apps and websites made with Lovable
- [Peaceful Mindful Pocket](https://peacefulmindfulpocket.com) - Brokie no more; You shall be.
- [Gotthard Road Tunnel Traffic](https://gotthard-tunnel.com/en/home) - Real-time traffic updates for Gotthard Tunnel.
- [PostSyncer](https://postsyncer.com) - Social media management platform.
- [Listing Cat](https://www.listingcat.com) - Marketing Database for startups and indie hackers
- [Wreny](https://www.wreny.app) - All in one job hunting platform.
- [Leedlime](https://leedlime.com) - find leads from Reddit
- [Saassy Board](https://saassy-board.com) - List your SaaS, earn monthly cash, help feed people in need!

## 🛸 UFO Sightings

- [RealTime.Blue](https://realtime.blue) - Free Bluesky analytics & tracking
- [SyncReads](https://syncreads.com) - Organize all the web content in one place. Save time on ads and distractions. Replace multiple apps. Read offline and sync your library across devices, anytime, anywhere.
- [What The Food](https://whatthefood.io) - AI Food Detector That Serves As Shazam But For Meals. 
- [Byte Back](https://byteback.pro) - SaaS Customer Retention Platform with Cashback
- [Just Booked](https://justbooked.mjit.in) - Simple Appointment, Venue, Calendar Booking Admin Application
- [AIThumbnail.so](https://aithumbnail.so) - Create Viral Thumbnail for your Youtube Brand
- [Phare.io](https://phare.io/) - Uptime monitoring, alerts, incidents, and status pages, in a shockingly good platform.
- [The Tools Time](https://toolstimes.com) - Discover tools to help you make money & save time
- [millionship.dev](https://millionship.dev) - playful directory app for indie devs 🏴‍☠️
- [affiliationlist.com](https://affiliationlist.com) - Submit you affiliation program, and be promoted by content creator
- [FoundersWall](https://www.founderswall.com) - A raw public board where indie founders log their wins, fails, and chaos. No likes. No hype. Just building in public, for real.
- [Peeonauts](https://peeonauts.com/) - Live from Space: Real-time monitoring of the International Space Station's urine, waste water, and clean water tank levels.
- [ShipAhead](https://shipahe.ad) - Skip the setup and focus on what matters with a ready-to-ship Nuxt boilerplate built to help you ship ahead, save time, and launch your product faster
- [BorderPrep](https://borderprep.com) - Get all the pre-arrival details you need - visas, entry cards, weather, and essentials - so you can travel stress-free

## 🦄 Unicorn Sightings

- [ShowUpInAI](https://showupinai.com) - Your website isn’t showing up in ChatGPT? Fix it.
- [seofordev](https://seofor.dev) - CLI-first SEO for indiehackers who want to rank from Day 1.
- [Envin](https://envin.turbostarter.dev) - Framework-agnostic, type-safe tool to validate and preview your environment variables - powered by your favorite schema validator.
- [Biz2Buzz](https://biz2buzz.in) - Your E Visiting Card! Express who are you, what you have, why to reach you with easy QR and vCard download
- [DecipherSEO](https://decipherseo.com) - Your SEO solution for Ecommerce, Create SEO Optimized Products from images.
- [DocPilot](https://docpilot.dev/) - Beautiful, interactive API docs right from your codebase
- [Leoline](https://leoline.fun) - Magical stories for curious kids
- [Latwy](https://latwy.co) - Track your finances in Notion automatically.
- [supastarter](https://supastarter.dev) - The production-ready and scalable SaaS starter kit for Next.js, Nuxt and SvelteKit
- [NameScore](https://namescore.io) - From startups to corporates - NameScore ensures your name is ready for the market.
- [QRDX](https://qrdx.dev) - Create and customize beautiful QR codes for your business

## 🍕 Pizza Archaeology

- [Extro](https://git.new/extro) - Open source browser extension starter kit 🧩
- [GptWatermarkRemover](https://gpt-watermark-remover.com) - Remove invisible watermarks from GPT text content
- [ConfettiSaaS](https://confettisaas.com) - Confetii-Powered Projects Directory
- [PizzaTime](https://pizza-time.app) - Say "thanks" to your teammates with a slice of pizza 🍕
- [Grocery Buddy](https://grocerybuddy.mjit.in) - Free Simple Shopping Listing and Sharing App; Every Family's need
- [Regex Forge](https://regexforge.com) - Regex editor for Mac
- [GitPing](https://gitping.app) - Free Chrome App - Become a Pull Request reviewing Super Hero! Get notified for updates on Pull Requests and Issues on GitHub.

## 🌮 Taco Philosophy

- [TheBlue.social](https://theblue.social) - Bluesky analytics, Bluesky+X post scheduling and tools
- [EngagementSpark](https://engagementspark.xyz/) - Find real user problems on Reddit and turn them into content ideas.
- [PagePrism](https://pageprism.com) - Awesome Website / Saas Uptime Monitor ( Free and Paid )
- [GIF.new](https://www.gif.new/) - Instantly capture and create personal response GIFs.
- [Fyzz.chat](https://www.fyzz.chat/chat) - All of the best language models in one place
- [AI Agent](https://aiagent.surf) - Build AI browser agent for free
- [TAPA](https://tapachat.com) - 1 site to chat with all AI models and learn how to use them well.

## 🎸 Air Guitar Championships

- [Video Summarizer](https://summarizevideo.ai) - Video summarizer service
- [KeyStrokes](https://www.keystrok.es) - Automated Typing for Video Tutorials
- [Follow Monday](https://followmonday.com) - Discover active individuals on socials
- [10AppDeals](https://10appdeals.com) - 10 handpicked app deals every day.
- [GetAndon](https://getandon.com) - A hackable desklamp that Claude / cursor can control through MCP. Ambiently lets you know what the agents are doing while you're alt tabbed or away from your desk.

---

## 🧙‍♂️ Contributing

Want to add your project? Awesome!

1️⃣ Fork this repository  
2️⃣ Add your project to one of these **random categories** above (don't worry if it doesn't make sense!)  
3️⃣ Make sure your project has:

- A working app (paid or free – doesn't matter!)
- An English landing page

4️⃣ Submit a pull request and watch your backlinks fly 🚀

---

## 📜 License

[CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) — use freely!

Commit message:

Add bucharitesh.in to Magical Mushrooms

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Awesome Sideprojects

A fun and slightly chaotic list of **Awesome Sideprojects**.  
We group projects into random categories that have absolutely nothing to do with what they actually do. Why? Because it's fun and different! 🎉

## 🎩 Magical Mushrooms

- [Touched Grass](https://www.touched-grass.com) - Show the world you've touched grass. Create your badge and share it everywhere.
- [ConfettiSaaS](https://confettisaas.com) - Showcase your SaaS
- [BacklinkDog](https://backlinkdog.com) - Backlink Monitoring. Stop losing SEO juice from removed or changed backlinks. 
- [A/B test Live](https://abtest.live) - A/B Test Ideas Fast. Choose What Works.
- [FlowDeck Studio](https://flowdeck.studio) - Build iOS & macOS Apps with AI in Cursor
- [Tracker - Manager for Bluesky](https://linktr.ee/bluesky.tracker) - A mobile app for real-time tracking & managing of your Bluesky followers & followings!
- [Startup Listing](https://startuplist.ing) - A platform to list your startup and get discovered by the right people.
- [TurboStarter](https://www.turbostarter.dev) - the Next.js, React Native (Expo) and WXT (Vite) SaaS production-ready starter kit. Launch your web, mobile app and browser extension with one-click boilerplate.
- [Online Side Hustles Directory](https://esidehustles.com) - Browse 370+ side hustle ideas, work-from-home opportunities, and easy ways to make money fast.
- [Content Redefined AI](https://www.contentredefined.ai) - 1-click AI blog/article generation. SEO-optimised, AI images, SERP research included.
- [The Influencer AI](https://www.theinfluencer.ai) - Create *consistent* AI personas and use them for photos, videos, try-ons and product images.
- [Unrealshot AI](https://www.unrealshot.com) - Generate *realistic* AI photoshoots using your face. Perfect for headshots, themed portraits, profile pics, and more.
- [Profit Trail](https://profit-trail.com) - Manage and analyse all of your SaaS invoices in one place!
- [PostCapture](https://postcapture.com) - Take beautiful screenshots of X posts
- [HextaUI](https://hextaui.com) - Build stunning websites effortlessly
- [React Wheel Picker](https://react-wheel-picker.chanhdai.com) - iOS-like Wheel Picker for React
- [chanhdai.com](https://chanhdai.com) - Minimal portfolio website. Inspired by tailwindcss.com (v4)
- [bucharitesh.in](https://bucharitesh.in) - Developer portfolio with interactive components and beautiful design
- [Temp Mail Detector](https://tempmaildetector.com) - Block disposable emails with real-time detection.
- [Nazca](https://nazca.my) - App Submission & Discovery Website
- [Maho Jase IT](https://www.mjit.in) - A Comprehensive IT Partner to add a magic to Digital Transformation
- [Made with Lovable](https://madewithlovable.com) - A collection of apps and websites made with Lovable
- [Peaceful Mindful Pocket](https://peacefulmindfulpocket.com) - Brokie no more; You shall be.
- [Gotthard Road Tunnel Traffic](https://gotthard-tunnel.com/en/home) - Real-time traffic updates for Gotthard Tunnel.
- [PostSyncer](https://postsyncer.com) - Social media management platform.
- [Listing Cat](https://www.listingcat.com) - Marketing Database for startups and indie hackers
- [Wreny](https://www.wreny.app) - All in one job hunting platform.
- [Leedlime](https://leedlime.com) - find leads from Reddit
- [Saassy Board](https://saassy-board.com) - List your SaaS, earn monthly cash, help feed people in need!

## 🛸 UFO Sightings

- [RealTime.Blue](https://realtime.blue) - Free Bluesky analytics & tracking
- [SyncReads](https://syncreads.com) - Organize all the web content in one place. Save time on ads and distractions. Replace multiple apps. Read offline and sync your library across devices, anytime, anywhere.
- [What The Food](https://whatthefood.io) - AI Food Detector That Serves As Shazam But For Meals. 
- [Byte Back](https://byteback.pro) - SaaS Customer Retention Platform with Cashback
- [Just Booked](https://justbooked.mjit.in) - Simple Appointment, Venue, Calendar Booking Admin Application
- [AIThumbnail.so](https://aithumbnail.so) - Create Viral Thumbnail for your Youtube Brand
- [Phare.io](https://phare.io/) - Uptime monitoring, alerts, incidents, and status pages, in a shockingly good platform.
- [The Tools Time](https://toolstimes.com) - Discover tools to help you make money & save time
- [millionship.dev](https://millionship.dev) - playful directory app for indie devs 🏴‍☠️
- [affiliationlist.com](https://affiliationlist.com) - Submit you affiliation program, and be promoted by content creator
- [FoundersWall](https://www.founderswall.com) - A raw public board where indie founders log their wins, fails, and chaos. No likes. No hype. Just building in public, for real.
- [Peeonauts](https://peeonauts.com/) - Live from Space: Real-time monitoring of the International Space Station's urine, waste water, and clean water tank levels.
- [ShipAhead](https://shipahe.ad) - Skip the setup and focus on what matters with a ready-to-ship Nuxt boilerplate built to help you ship ahead, save time, and launch your product faster
- [BorderPrep](https://borderprep.com) - Get all the pre-arrival details you need - visas, entry cards, weather, and essentials - so you can travel stress-free

## 🦄 Unicorn Sightings

- [ShowUpInAI](https://showupinai.com) - Your website isn’t showing up in ChatGPT? Fix it.
- [seofordev](https://seofor.dev) - CLI-first SEO for indiehackers who want to rank from Day 1.
- [Envin](https://envin.turbostarter.dev) - Framework-agnostic, type-safe tool to validate and preview your environment variables - powered by your favorite schema validator.
- [Biz2Buzz](https://biz2buzz.in) - Your E Visiting Card! Express who are you, what you have, why to reach you with easy QR and vCard download
- [DecipherSEO](https://decipherseo.com) - Your SEO solution for Ecommerce, Create SEO Optimized Products from images.
- [DocPilot](https://docpilot.dev/) - Beautiful, interactive API docs right from your codebase
- [Leoline](https://leoline.fun) - Magical stories for curious kids
- [Latwy](https://latwy.co) - Track your finances in Notion automatically.
- [supastarter](https://supastarter.dev) - The production-ready and scalable SaaS starter kit for Next.js, Nuxt and SvelteKit
- [NameScore](https://namescore.io) - From startups to corporates - NameScore ensures your name is ready for the market.
- [QRDX](https://qrdx.dev) - Create and customize beautiful QR codes for your business

## 🍕 Pizza Archaeology

- [Extro](https://git.new/extro) - Open source browser extension starter kit 🧩
- [GptWatermarkRemover](https://gpt-watermark-remover.com) - Remove invisible watermarks from GPT text content
- [ConfettiSaaS](https://confettisaas.com) - Confetii-Powered Projects Directory
- [PizzaTime](https://pizza-time.app) - Say "thanks" to your teammates with a slice of pizza 🍕
- [Grocery Buddy](https://grocerybuddy.mjit.in) - Free Simple Shopping Listing and Sharing App; Every Family's need
- [Regex Forge](https://regexforge.com) - Regex editor for Mac
- [GitPing](https://gitping.app) - Free Chrome App - Become a Pull Request reviewing Super Hero! Get notified for updates on Pull Requests and Issues on GitHub.

## 🌮 Taco Philosophy

- [TheBlue.social](https://theblue.social) - Bluesky analytics, Bluesky+X post scheduling and tools
- [EngagementSpark](https://engagementspark.xyz/) - Find real user problems on Reddit and turn them into content ideas.
- [PagePrism](https://pageprism.com) - Awesome Website / Saas Uptime Monitor ( Free and Paid )
- [GIF.new](https://www.gif.new/) - Instantly capture and create personal response GIFs.
- [Fyzz.chat](https://www.fyzz.chat/chat) - All of the best language models in one place
- [AI Agent](https://aiagent.surf) - Build AI browser agent for free
- [TAPA](https://tapachat.com) - 1 site to chat with all AI models and learn how to use them well.

## 🎸 Air Guitar Championships

- [Video Summarizer](https://summarizevideo.ai) - Video summarizer service
- [KeyStrokes](https://www.keystrok.es) - Automated Typing for Video Tutorials
- [Follow Monday](https://followmonday.com) - Discover active individuals on socials
- [10AppDeals](https://10appdeals.com) - 10 handpicked app deals every day.
- [GetAndon](https://getandon.com) - A hackable desklamp that Claude / cursor can control through MCP. Ambiently lets you know what the agents are doing while you're alt tabbed or away from your desk.

---

## 🧙‍♂️ Contributing

Want to add your project? Awesome!

1️⃣ Fork this repository  
2️⃣ Add your project to one of these **random categories** above (don't worry if it doesn't make sense!)  
3️⃣ Make sure your project has:

- A working app (paid or free – doesn't matter!)
- An English landing page

4️⃣ Submit a pull request and watch your backlinks fly 🚀

---

## 📜 License

[CC0](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) — use freely!
